Salve salve guys here in megashow
I prepared a little for you here and
wear this shirt here to do
tribute morrone guará that is now
living in northern merry port in the valley
of araguaia and galera very much like a
popular from there then enjoying the
to make a forrozinho for the guys from nortão
besides fernanda family personal likes
of a forró in retail but I'll do
It's not a dog in the Abraão neighborhood.
farm also hurt in the wheel she in the
compadrio every reason
They commented happiness in the ground
goalkeeper already wearing on her waist
Micachu shocked Tabosa all off in the
I'll only take a cup
the blow and fmi end up putting a knowing
where is a pat give
and the other I'll tell you a little trick with
the security secretary
my pure technical team anxiety
take as he
it's all a pat slum only delepine
a rock a computer every day went
for a dog to take the fact of
eraser
so I went back to talking
the insurer also promised the measure
There was a little pat explaining
covered with a linen flax cloth
Do not worry, two guinea pigs do not even take
take a day in a car until then
take me 1 to 0 lion victory
the mega show appears like this